Ribbit! Ribbit! Ribbit!
Hey, Froggy!
It sure is a nice day.
Huh?
Woah, that's pretty!
Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit, ribbit!
Ribbit, ribbit!
Hm. Woah! Ugh!
[Groan]
There've been five confirmed
reports so far, Mr. President.
It seems that most of the buildings
have landed in parts of the
city closest to Mystic Ruin.
Great.
And what about all the
creatures they found inside?
The bird-like ones are
known as "Flickies," sir.
And I'm assuming they all come
from the same world as Sonic.
Right, Professor Thorndyke?
Yep. It would appear that way.
I see.
Now, then. I'm sure
you must be wondering
why I asked you and your
grandson here this afternoon.
You're worried about the
arrival of these creatures.
And you're thinking you need
to separate them from humans.
You're concerned
there'll be trouble
between two such different species
unless they're... dealt with.
We wish we didn't
have to. It's just-
Don't apologize.
We understand your
situation completely.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Have ya heard?
A couple of more friends
from back home dropped in.
Seems every day is like a
regular reunion around here.
'Course, if too many
of us start showing up,
the humans aren't
gonna be too happy.
They'll probably decide
we're "dangerous,"
and round us all up.
Imagine. Us! Together! 24/7.
My, I wonder what that'd
be like. Don't you?
[Yelp]
Get this straight!
I'd rather live in solitary
confinement, than with you!
Don't get so excited, sweetie.
I'm only saying that the authorities
won't like our kind around.
Believe me, I don't like the idea
of being locked up
any more than you do.
Hmph.
I should've realized that the welcome
mat wouldn't be out forever.
Yeah. Too good to be true.
One day they love us
because we're unique.
And the next day we're in
jail because we're different.
[Sigh]
Well, they won't take
me without a fight.
Now, that's the right attitude!
Oh, well. We'll just have
to make the best of it.
When they come to get us,
I hope you're around to protect me.
Well, I'm off!
Oh, and there's just
one more thing.
What's that?
I hope we share a cell.
Oh!
You're batty!!!
Don't know about you, Chris,
but I'm pretty hungry.
Why don't we go on home and
have a little of Ella's-
CHRIS: Grandpa?
GRANDPA: Huh?
I've been thinking...
about what the president said?
Do you really think
they're gonna...
take Sonic away?
I mean...
I know he's different,
but why should that matter?
Deep down, he's just
like you and me.
I know.
[Frustrated scream]
Leave it to Charmy to take his
own, sweet time getting here!
I'd say we've got more important
things to worry about.
Like where we are, for instance.
And how did the three of us
get here in the first place?
And how do we get back?
Your guess is as
good as mine, Espio.
I'm just as confused as you are!
Did we travel through
time, somehow?
Or space, maybe?
Which one do you think happened?
What difference does it make?
All that matters is
we're stuck here!
And since we're stuck here,
we oughtta concentrate
on a bigger question.
What's that?
Why is half of the moon missing?!
Oh!
Hey! What'll you hear, Vector!
You won't believe it in a
million, trillion years!
What won't I believe?
We got blown into a
whole different world!
Huh?
And the proof's right
here in this newspaper!
Charmy...
See?
Charmy!
Woah! Uh-huh?
Will You Get Off My Nose!!!
All right. Where are we, Charmy?
I dunno.
[Groan]
[Frustrated yell]
I ask you to do one simple thing!
Hmm...
Nuh uh uh!
Your assignment was to
find out where we are!
Nevermind that!
Just look at this!
Oops. Sorry.
This better be good.
Here!
Huh?
Hm.
What?!
Well, if it ain't our
old friend Sonic!
Let's see here...
"Sonic Saves the Day Again"
"Sonic the Hedgehog rescued the
world from catastrophe once again
when he nimbly prevented a
long-forgotten space station,
the Space Colony ARK,
from crashing into the
planet yesterday."
[Groan]
Here we go!
Chaos...!
Control!
[Crowd cheering]
"This is just the latest in
a series of amazing rescues
that have kept the famously
speedy hedgehog in the news."
"Since first arriving
in Station Square
under mysterious circumstances,
some time ago,
Sonic has shown a remarkable
aptitude for heroism
against increasingly
dangerous odds."
[Lasers firing]
Aah!
[Scream]
[Grunt]
Sonic!
Run!
Woah...! Ugh!
[Grunt]
[Grunting]
The door! We can't make it out!
Woah!
[Grunt]
Aah...!
"Through his use of
supersonic speed,
agility, strength, and
just plain smarts,
Sonic the Hedgehog
has become famous
the world over for daring deeds,
and fast-footed feats."
[All screaming]
[Chuckling]
Hurry! Fire!
Hm?
Fire away!
[Grunt]
Haha!
Wiseguy! I'll show you!
[Mocking]
Sonic!
Try the ol' slap on the wrist!
Yeah!
Nyehh!
[Grunt]
Bye!
Fire!
[Missiles dropping]
Ha ha!
[Chuckling]
Woah!
Grr!!!
"Sonic has shown that truth, honor,
and goodness, can and
will triumph every time."
So Sonic's a big hero.
What a laugh riot.
Ha ha!
You're just jealous 'cause you're
not famous like Sonic is.
Knock it off, Charmy.
We'll be famous soon.
In case you're wonderin',
Detective Vector's the name!
I'm a private eye kind of guy,
and the head of my very
own detective agency.
I may be lean, mean, and green,
but behind my cool croc exterior,
I'm really just a big ol' softie.
Just don't let that get
around though, ya got me?
I've got a reputation!
A detective's gotta be tough!
So let's just keep this
between you and me, okay?
My name's Charmy, and I can be-
[Yelping]
My name is Espio.
I'm the brains in
this organization.
I also possess some
killer spy skills.
I'm smart, I'm quick on my feet.
I also happen to be a ninja.
He's also full of himself.
Hmph.
It's better to be full of myself,
than to be an obnoxious pipsqueak.
CHARMY: Hey, Vector! Can
I tell them about me, now?
VECTOR: Aw, too bad, Charmy.
We're all out of time!
No! Aww! Doh...
Mr. President.
We've just received
word that a missile
has been launched from Dr.
Eggman's undersea base.
Huh?
Find out where it's
headed, right away!
Roger, there is head
of command station
Mr. President. We have confirmation
from Central Command One.
The missile is headed for the moon!
Wha-?
I should've known.
Mr. President.
Yes? What's happening?
It's Dr. Eggman.
He's on the TV phone.
Huh?
Ah! Good evening, sir.
I wanted to apologize for
that nasty ARK business.
That was so unfortunate.
And to show you how
very sorry I am to have
caused such a calamity,
I thought I would offer
to mend the moon for you,
free of charge.
It's the least I could do.
That's... good news, Eggman.
Getting it perfectly
round won't be easy,
but with a little luck, and
a whole lot of elbow grease,
I'll have it patched
up in a jiffy. Okay?
Can we trace that?
He certainly is full
of surprises, isn't he?
You don't really think he
wants to repair the damage,
do you, Mr. President?
I don't know what to think anymore.
You did?
You traced the call?
That was quick.
Get Eggman back on
the line right away!
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
Answering machine?!
But we just talked to him!
Send some agents over
there and grab him!
I wonder if we can trust him.
It appears the moon has been repaired
by the notorious Dr. Eggman.
Is it true? It only
took him ten minutes?
I have to admitâhe's
some scientist.
I don't know.
I think it looks kind
of funny, don't you?
Oh, who cares about
some silly old moon.
Where's Sonic?
Woah!
[Rooster crowing]
Ah! Today's the day
we solve the case!
Oh, yeah?
What makes you so sure?
Espio's right.
What makes you think you
can solve it today, Vector?
[Chuckling]
Elementary, my dear Charmy.
It just takes some
clever sleuthing.
I'm Detective Vector!
Sure, you're Detective Vector.
You're also nuts.
I think he's been reading too
many detective stories again.
Ah! That's very interesting!
Hm...
Here he goes again.
Oh, brother.
[Impersonating Columbo]
One more thing.
How long are you going
to keep this up, anyway?
All right.
The kid we're lookin' for
got sent into this world
from ours by Chaos Control,
just like Sonic.
And I think the
hedgehog's behind it.
And you know this for a fact?
I got my intuition, and
that's good enough for me!
You gotta hunch, Vector?
I've told you before, Charmy.
It's not a hunch, it's intuition!
With a capital Int!
[Chuckling]
Uh-huh?
Bingo!
See what I mean?
The old intuition never fails!
I have to hand it to you.
It didn't take you long to
find that hedgehog's hideaway.
He had some help!
It was listed on this
map of stars' homes.
You mean a star lives here?
From what I dug up,
Sonic's been layin'
low with this kid
whose mom's a real-life,
big-time movie celeb.
Blegh.
Sure, leave it to Sonic
to mingle with a bunch
of mental movie people.
So shallow.
You're jealous?
You bet.
Who asked you, Charmy!
[Giggling] I got ya
that time, didn't I?
Nevermind that. Let's get
back to the job at hand.
We got ourselves a damsel
in distress to rescue here.
Well, at least we
know where she is.
Now all you have to do is figure out
some way to get into that house.
That's right, pal.
But it's gonna be kind of tricky.
They probably got all kinds of
fancy shmancy security equipment.
Ugh! Here, take a look!
A big, scary security guard!
Man! Check out the beast
in the ruffly apron!
[Yelling]
Huh?
Whadda we do?
Should we run for it?
Are you crazy?
We can't turn back!
Don't forget. We're
here on a mission.
Oh!
Eggman!
Sonic.
Well, well. It's a beautiful
afternoon, isn't it?
Atta boy!
CHARMY: [Laughing]
VECTOR: I shoulda known
with those nifty
ninja tricks of his,
he could sneak with
the best of 'em!
Where is he?
He told me he'd be back
today at noon, sharp!
Musta lost track of time.
Hmph! Oh, yeah?
Well, this is the last time
he's gonna keep me waiting!
Amy...
Oh!
Huh?
Uh-oh.
It feels like I just hit something.
Huh?
Woah!
Hey! You okay?
I... think so...
But she sure can
swing a mean mallet.
Guh...
Poor Espio!
Sly, aren't they?
What's he gonna do?
Just you wait, Charmy!
We'll give 'em a fight
they'll never forget!
All right!
[Giggling]
You're in a good mood
all of a sudden.
What are you up to, Egghead?
Nothing.
I've simply had a change of heart.
I know it may surprise you, Sonic,
but even eggcentric geniuses
like myself have hearts.
That so?
I kid you not.
It isn't easy being an evil madman.
It's hard work.
I don't buy it.
I really mean it, Sonic.
Building evil robots
to do my bidding...
Creating a Chaos Creature
just for kicks...
Sometimes I think,
what's the point?
Maybe I should just chuck
it and retire somewhere
far, far away.
You might have something
there, Eggman.
[Chuckle]
Can't you just see it, Sonic?
Goodbye, world domination.
Hello, shuffleboard!
[Chuckle]
Hey, are you on the level here,
or is this just another
one of your schemes?
Excuse me...
It can't be!
What do you weirdos want?
You know what we want!
Drop the innocent act, kiddo!
Give up!
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Tails, do you know these two?
I've never seen them
before in my life, Chris.
Quit your stalling, will ya?
Now, hand over that
little bunny, or else!
Yeah! Or else!
Sorry, sir, but where
would you take me?
Chao chao!
You don't think we'd
let them take you?
Just asking...
Aah! There's the bodyguard monster!
Aah!
We'll get you!
Charmy?
Get ready!
[Struggling]
All right, you creeps.
You asked for it!
[Sounds of fighting]
What's goin' on here?
Sonic! Help us! We're
being attacked!
Well, look who's here!
If it ain't Sonic the Kidnapper!
I'm no kidnapper, pal.
[Fighting continues]
Woah... It's-it's you!
How nice to see you
again, Detective.
Hey, look, Cream!
Someone's here to see ya.
Huh?
Oh!
I finally found...
My baby!
Mom? Ma?
Mom?
[Squealing in joy]
Oh! My baby!
[Both crying]
Cream's mother!
How can I ever repay
you, Detective Vector?
Aww, no sweat.
And thank you, Sonic,
for taking such good
care of my little girl.
I'm so grateful.
Huh?
Grateful? But-
What did Sonic do?
You remember me, Vector.
I'm Sonic the Kidnapper!
Hey, my old pal, Sonic!
Fancy meeting you here!
Come on, Charmy.
We don't want to be late
for our next job, do we?
What's the big rush, Vector?
Stick around, why don't ya?
Yeah! We were just getting
into the swing of things.
Thanks anyway, but
time's a-wastin',
and I'm busy!
I detect a little
uneasiness, Detective.
[All laughing]
[Evil chuckling]
Heh...
Sounds like quite the party.
Laugh while you can,
Sonic. You sucker.
[Evil chuckle]
Hey, you guys.
Help me out here, will ya?